he needs four hundred i got i'll get him
later no I'll get it now or do you guys
want to see the next Galaxy I'll just do
this real quick liar oh no prisoners
that's it I'm stuffed here we go
transform ooh sweet sweet galaxy has
appeared freaking sweet oh go here rocky
road final font button phone on my own
hopefully I can do this I think I should
have enough time I love the music here
old song from Super Mario Bros 3 one of
my favorite Mario games til this day I
think the only mario game out of my
personal favorites the only mario game
that comes close to Super Mario Bros 3
is this one
I love all the other ones of course hit
the dodes oh oh oh this part is kind of
tricky I found long jumps actually
helped a lot here oh oh jeez not like
that though that'll put your life in
danger I don't even know what kind of
life for insurance mario has give me
these ton of little things you can get
oh do duty almost got it there we go I
think there's some stuff over here on
the other side you can grab what's at it
I guess so let's cram that stir dang it
can't hit him too far Oh